Adds metapackage walk-thru to Terminology section. (#146)
chocolatey/choco-wiki: GettingStarted.md

<!-- TOC -->

> - [Getting Started](#getting-started)

Reviewer: @steviecoaster was it the VSCode addin that automatically added this first level title to the ToC?

* **Portable Package** - packages that use zip or just contain the runtime software. Usually these packages do not require administrative privileges to install or run. See [[|https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/wiki/ChocolateyFAQs#portable-application-something-that-doesnt-require-a-system-install-to-use]]
* **Extension Package** - packages that provide extensions to Chocolatey's PowerShell module through additional PowerShell modules.
* **Template Package** - packages that have packaging templates in them, used in package creation. See [[create your own package templates|How-To-Create-Custom-Package-Templates]].

> * **Metapackage** - packages that only exist to take dependencies on other packages, usually as a way of providing one command to get a complete setup. Some metapackages exist to provide discoverability, such as "git" versus 'git.install." The git package just depends on git.install, so running the install for either package will result in the git software being installed on the machine. A walk-through guide to metapackages is available [here](./MetaPackage.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Metapackage** - packages that only exist to take dependencies on other packages, usually as a way of providing one command to get a complete setup. Some metapackages exist to provide discoverability, such as "git" versus 'git.install." The git package just depends on git.install, so running the install for either package will result in the git software being installed on the machine. See the [walk-through on metapackages](./MetaPackage.md) for more information.
```
